while the MKC is really critical it's
the first of our for all new products in
the next four years and it really is the
beginning of the revitalization of the
Lincoln brand the heritage is very
important to us and even at the LA Auto
Show we had Liz Taylor's mark tunes well
really we're targeting this emerging
customer called the cultural progressive
in la Hollywood key markets for us
reaching out to the audience through
theater through art this is a brand new
MKZ for us there's some striking lines
on it that harken back to to our older
days the designers worked hard to make
sure all the lines continued to flow
around the car you can get a traditional
nerb like this car you can get a steel
roof and you get a full glass roof as
well trying to give their customers a
lot of choice in the in their ability to
fly the car they won by these are 19 so
this is an upgradeable option I
personally love the dark wheels i think
dart wheels speak a little bit too to
that look and we certainly picked that
up we did a lot of research in this area
in Hollywood and Beverly Hills and saw a
lot of dark wheels and said hey that's
something we wanted to do on the 19 inch
tire package you know we also as a team
we wanted to learn more about this area
so you know we walk the streets larly
and since what's popular on the streets
we walked Rodeo Drive and Beverly Drive
and saw these exotic cars and looked at
the fancy wheels and tires so that's
something that's important that we've
got to take note of what let's let's do
they go take a drive of this thing in
Texas points fantastic group let's go
the only as I saying earlier one of the
things we really focused on here is is
trying to create usable space and what
you don't see is a traditional shifter
here they freed up that entire center
console and put electronic fish buggies
up on the dash panel so they're out of
the way create a lot of space see what
the engine sounds like maybe give us a
little bit of gas so we've tried to tame
the engine noise a little bit try to
make it refined quiet we have noise
cancellation similar to what you may
have experienced with noise cancelling
headphones ya know we this car has been
designed to be one of the quietest cars
we've ever built it's got acoustic side
glass which helps absorb and prevent
outside noise from coming anyways is
that like the equivalent like the double
pane we do it how exactly so there's
essentially two panes of glass here with
a small layer of willingness on top
secret material it's a kind of like
plastic it helps absorb the sound and it
prevents the transmission from the outer
pane to the inner pain of the glass
hargitay consumers really want
technology and their vehicle they
expected it's an expectation when we
watch your unit owners we realize we're
on a journey but that's the important
part is to take that first step to
introduce those technologies and then we
become a consideration among those
customers I think we have to prove
ourselves in the market right we we
don't have that strong brand image that
some of the others enjoy some people
live off their brand a little bit so our
cars have to be better and we're going
to have to have class leading
technologies that others don't have and
that's what we've put in this car
you